---
id: v2-v4
title: V2 to V4
sidebar_label: V2 to V4
---

## Major changes from V2

This section describe in brief the changes from the OpenAttestation v2 to v4 Data Model. For more information and examples of these changes, refer to our [guide on upgrading to v4](/docs/guides-section/upgrading-to-v4).

## Modified properties

These are data values that exist in OA v2 but have been restructured or moved to newly named properties in v4 to comply with the [W3C's Verifiable Credentials Data Model 2.0](https://www.w3.org/TR/vc-data-model-2.0/).

### Credential Subject

Previously stored in the root of raw documents and in the `data` key once wrapped, the claims about the subject of the credential are now always stored in the `credentialSubject` field.

### Credential Status

Previously stored in `issuers[i].revocation`, the revocation type and location are now stored in `credentialStatus` as an optional property if applicable.

### Issuer

Instead of the original `issuers` array in OA v2, OA v4 uses the W3C `issuer` property containing similar data about the id, name, and identity proof of the document. To facilitate interoperability with other verifiers, there is now an added property `issuer.type` which in the case of OA v4 should always be set to `OpenAttestationIssuer`.

### Render Method

Previously stored in `$template`, details about rendering the document are now stored in `renderMethod`. 

## New properties

These are new properties that have been added in v4 to comply with the W3C data model.

### The `context` property

Added in OA v4 to allow for the validation of document schemas using JSON-LD. This property should be a list of URLs pointing to JSON-LD contexts.

In OA v4, the values for this property should always be and https://www.w3.org/ns/credentials/v2 and https://schemata.openattestation.com/com/openattestation/4.0/context.json.

### The `type` property

Added in OA v4 to specify the type of document. 

In OA v4, the values for this property should always be `VerifiableCredential` and `OpenAttestationCredential`.